in the future when I look back on 2014
one of the main things I will remember
will be the inclusion of sixteen point
eight million color RGB lighting on
nearly every tech product imaginable and
before the year is over we will be
reviewing at least one more also I got
grilled pretty hard for teasing whole
room water cooling video in my last
review but then Opie delivered so I'm
going to tease you again whole room
water cooling part 2 coming soon
save on select Intel CPUs knucks and
SSDs with special black friday rebates
from select retailers click now to learn
more first off we will explore the
physical features of the mouse except
for the lighting which we will go into
more depth later on
it comes with a slightly longer than my
wingspan nicely sleeved cable which ends
in an unusually large USB plug which has
the benefit of being delightfully easily
to identify in a mess of other cables on
the other end of the cable is the body
of the most itself which is fairly light
at just under 100 grams but
unfortunately cannot be adjusted due to
the lack of an included adjustable
weighting system the saber optical RGB
has eight programmable buttons including
by default left middle right click dpi
up and down forward and back and an
unbound button just behind the scroll
wheel while the finish on the most
didn't really stand out necessarily it
also didn't leave much to be desired I
had no problem gripping the mouse
however I tried to hold it I held this
most predominantly in a claw grip
however as I do that with nearly every
Mouse I have because they all seem to be
too small for me to be able to actually
palm I asked Linus how it felt in a palm
grip and he assured me that it was a
great fit for his hand size under the
hood the most features dual Omron
switches for your left and right click
along with a picsArt s39 88 sensor which
I'm happy to say it doesn't seem to have
any of that acceleration or any junk
like that you may be familiar with this
sensor as it has been used before in
recent versions of the extremely popular
Razer DeathAdder one thing that I must
point out before moving on to the
software and lighting modes is a little
OCD
a pet peeve of mine this is a neutral
toned looking mouse with customizable
lighting modes so that you can make it
match almost any color setup you have
but then the Corsair logo has yellow on
it it's not the worst case of this since
my hand would be on it most of the times
I would be able to see it and Corsair is
not the only brand guilty of putting
unchangeable colors on a product
designed to be color adjusted by the
user but it's frustrating nonetheless
because if I was buying it to color
match everything in my setup down to the
mouse even I would be driven crazy by
the fact that there's a little random
patch of yellow sitting there and I
couldn't easily change it it's just
frustrating moving on we of course
there's Q software changing the mostess
performance is a breeze it comes with a
whopping 5 custom dpi levels which you
can quick swap on the DPI up and down
buttons while you're gaming 5 lift
height settings and for polling rate
settings are also included for those of
you that wish to tune their Mouse just a
little bit further also just as a quick
note leave enhanced pointer precision
and angle snapping unchecked especially
if you're a gamer or a human all eight
of the programmable mouse buttons are
easy to take advantage of in the actions
tab you're able to get these buttons to
do basically anything from input macros
text input single keystrokes short cuts
dpi changes timers media control and
even most input for whatever reason all
of this in the software is very powerful
and gives you a huge amount of
granularity to your options especially
once you get to the RGB settings but
this is also where things got a little
weird that whole easy to take advantage
of thing that I brought up earlier
doesn't really apply to the RGB lighting
functionality of course there knows this
and so do you if you've watched Linus's
video on the k70 RGB keyboard and course
there is working on making improvements
to their software but as of right now
it's kind of a mess they have something
like 9 videos on their Channel alone
just to help people set this up and all
coming from an HCI or human-computer
interaction standpoint it's ugly
I mean aesthetic leave shirred it looks
great but in
forms of usability it's pretty rough
having tabs in different places with the
same name doing drastically different
things and having options hidden away
and right-click menus that should really
just be buttons are just the tip of the
iceberg if you manage to read the
massive 140 page ish manual and trudge
through their forums for a while you can
get the hang of it and do some really
cool stuff but for people wanting a
super quick setup your options will
probably be limited to the quick select
modes even just the inclusion of being
able to click on a lighting zone and
have an RGB color wheel pop up and
allowing you to select a color manually
or even put in a custom RGB code would
have been a huge redeeming point but
alas no dice the Sabre wasn't made for
board games though so we don't need dice
and this conclusion is pretty
straightforward if you're a PC gamer not
a tabletop gamer the most is physically
quite standard and with the reputable
sensor and switches the setup is then
augmented by an extremely powerful
software package hampered by an
attractive but also limited UI it still
needs its usability tweaks but Corsair
seems to be building an extremely
powerful RGB ecosystem for a consumer
base that obviously wants it it's just
unfortunately not quite there yet
that being said thankfully none of these
problems will affect the raw performance
and since they are all software based
they could be there they could be there
and fixed in the future while you have
fun with the rest of your mouse now
speaking of things being pretty
straightforward
if you love watching anime you should
definitely check out crunchy roll with
crunchy roll premium you can watch as
many episodes of your favorite anime
shows as you want anytime anywhere they
have shows like attack on Titan and an
anime series that I personally really
enjoy called sword art online they also
have the most current episodes of shows
like fate/stay night straight from Japan
which they also will have professional
subtitles on as soon as one hour after
they premiere in Japan with crunchyroll
premium you can watch as much anime as
you
want ad free and beautiful HD on a
variety of devices for only 795 a month
but if you use our link that's
crunchyroll.com slash Linus you can get
a 30-day trial of their service
absolutely free so be sure to check them
out in the link in the video description
down below alright guys don't forget
water cooling day part 2 will be coming
soon part 2 day 2 I don't remember
exactly what it is it will be good I
actually really liked the first one so I
expect you guys will like the next one
as well like and dislike buttons are
down below if you want to express your
feelings also don't forget to stay
subscribed for all the rest of our
latest tech tips content comment in the
description down below what you think of
this Mouse and what you think about the
trend of just RGB on everything or jump
over to the forum and comment there if
you don't like the ads on the forum
become a contributor click the support
us button to change your Amazon links so
that we get a small kickback whenever
you buy anything and there should be a
link in the video description down below
this video to buy an awesome Linus tech
tips themed shirt I don't know but I
think our keep on digging shirts are
even still for sale thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you next time